[music]
>> I was born here and people tease me that
I sometimes still refer to this as my
house.
>> Steve Jobs is on the kitchen counter.
>> I know. I well
>> staring at you every time you cook.
[music]
>> My mom knew Steve well because she wrote
some of the first grants to bring the
Mac into schools. And so my mom was one
of the first digital programs in a
journalism program at school.
And so my mom used to like show up at
the house, knock knock knock, and be
like, "I need SOME MORE MACS."
>> [laughter]
>> ANNE WOJCICKI, BAY Area native, cycling
enthusiast, co-creator of the
Breakthrough Prize in Science,
and co-founder of the personal genetics
company [music] 23andMe.
23andMe inspired millions of people to
spit in tubes in exchange [music] for a
glimpse at their genetic code.
>> So you now have the first FDA-approved
consumer [music] genetic test.
>> What you might call Anne Wojcicki a
pioneer.
>> We're going to fundamentally [music]
change things.
>> It was a biotech darling, at one point
worth nearly $6 billion. [music]
Before it all collapsed, Anne Wojcicki
was forced to resign in order to win it
back from the outside.
>> From that moment, it was like a little
bit of like a total reckoning of like
what am I going to do?
>> What she did was buy the company for
$305
million in cash, restructure it as a
nonprofit, and retake the title of CEO.
Should we call it a comeback or not just
yet?
>> It's an evolution, probably more [music]
than the comeback.
>> I joined her for a fast-paced two-day
run through the hills around Stanford's
campus, where she talked to [music] me
about winning her job back, co-parenting
with Google co-founder Sergey Brin,
losing her sister Susan, former CEO of
YouTube,
and the day [music] her own board turned
against her.
>> Those people were friends of hers.
And how could they have done that?
>> The shock will never wear off.
>> All while making me work for it.
Is this supposed to make my blood
pressure go up or down?
>> Down. It's going to go down. No, wait.
>> And my camera crew, too.
Now that she's back at the helm,
Wojcicki is looking forward to better
[music] days.
>> I definitely have like a master's in
heart things
right [laughter] now, so
when I write the PhD [music] thesis,
I'll share it with you, okay?
Okay, so we're biking. We're biking.
We're biking.
>> So, what's your biking routine?
>> Okay, so my biking routine. I bike every
day because it's freedom. So, I always
bike in the morning. I show up in the
office and I'm happy, and I bike home
and then I can kind of process
everything that happened in the office
that day. So, nobody ever like when it's
raining out and I can't bike,
people know it's a different
personality.
>> to talk to you.
>> I'm just going to be more cranky.
As kids, like we rode all around, and we
used to like hang out and play in all
these flowers. Like we played in all of
this.
Now, we're going to Kite Hill. So, you
might be surprised to learn that this is
where we used to fly kites.
>> Wojcicki grew up in an illustrious
family. Her father, Stanley, chair of
the physics department at Stanford. Her
sister, Janet, a doctor and professor.
Susan, who's credited with persuading
Google to buy YouTube. And the
matriarch, [music]
Esther, celebrated high school teacher,
friend of Steve Jobs, and self-styled
parenting expert.
Wojcicki studied biology at Yale, then
took a job on Wall Street before
returning to California.
>> [music]
>> That's when she met her future husband,
Sergey Brin,
one of the Stanford PhD students working
out of her sister Susan's garage on
something called search, specifically
Google.
Brin gave 23andMe a loan, later repaid
when Google took a stake in the company.
>> [music]
>> The couple divorced in 2015, but remain
on good terms. [music]
>> We can put our bikes down and then we
can look around. How about that?
>> Yes.
You were on the front lines of Google,
obviously. Did that empower you or did
that sort of give you
like a motivation to push through?
>> I think the thing that I learned from
them and from like, frankly, like this
whole culture is that it's okay to try
and it's okay to fail. Like the main
thing is like the continuous pursuit of
what you're interested in.
>> You buy the company back with your own
money.
>> Yes, thank God. Yeah.
>> Why come back?
>> Oh, why come back?
>> start something new?
>> I love it. I love what we do. At the end
of the day, I was like, okay, if I don't
buy it, I'm probably in my head always
regretting it.
>> Mhm.
How did it feel to write that check?
That's a big check.
>> I mean, in some ways it's like a
privilege that I can.
23andMe, I think, is so
incredibly valuable and it's now a gift
to society. And so this should be the
open science platform
for the world.
Like to make discoveries about like the
foundations of life, make discoveries
about, you know, what is health, about
diseases, Alzheimer's, like everything.
>> The business model seemed reasonable.
>> [music]
>> On one side, a consumer product that was
making waves in pop culture.
>> See, there's a new company called
23andMe.
And because of them, 23 people now say
their father is me.
>> [music]
>> On the other, a treasure trove of DNA
data that could theoretically be used to
develop treatments to deadly diseases.
>> Any drugs or diseases in particular that
you [music] are working
>> working on a whole range.
>> Oncology, immunology, neurology,
cardiovascular, metabolic disease. So,
this is major breakthrough stuff you're
doing.
>> [music]
>> The company went public in 2021 via a
Richard Branson backed deal. The stock
boomed and Wojcicki became a self-made
billionaire.
>> [music]
>> She and Brin had also been buying up
commercial real estate in nearby Los
Altos, a passion project Wojcicki
eventually took over.
>> [music]
>> It's a little bit like real life
Monopoly. Like you you get and buy a
building and then you can find amazing
business leaders and you can support
them.
>> Everything seemed to be coming up Ann.
>> [laughter]
>> You think she owned the place.
>> But the newly public company was about
to run into trouble.
After peaking at a market cap of 5.7
billion dollars, the stock tanked.
>> [music]
>> 23andMe wasn't selling enough kits to
keep Wall Street happy. Then hackers got
a hold of data from 6.9 million 23andMe
profiles, which certainly didn't help.
Suddenly 23andMe was out of cash.
[music]
>> Looking back, if you see a blind spot,
what was it?
>> I think there was like a number of
things that we did wrong and I think
first and foremost, you know, there's
aspects that are like totally unsexy but
are really important like corporate
structure. I'd go and meet with an
investor and they would say like what's
your identity?
Are you a consumer company?
Are you a diagnostic company? Are you a
therapeutics company? And we say like,
oh, we're all of them and like that's
amazing and um at that stage we were at,
it was too complex.
>> On March 23rd, 2025,
the company filed for bankruptcy.
>> [music]
>> I headed to New York to meet up with
veteran journalist Kristen V. Brown to
find out more about what happened to the
once promising biotech company.
You've been covering Anne Wojcicki for a
long time. What's your impression of her
as a person and as a CEO?
>> There's kind of a cult of personality
around her because she's so nice and so
enthusiastic about what she does. I
mean, nobody believes in the power of
the genome more than Anne Wojcicki.
>> What was the promise of DNA when 23andMe
first started? And what changed?
>> So, what changed is not that 23andMe had
a bad idea. At the time, it was a great
idea.
>> [music]
>> In 2003, scientists finished the first
map of the human genome. Francis
Collins, the leader of the project, said
we would have a DNA-based designer drug
for Alzheimer's and cancer by 2020.
[music]
>> With this profound new knowledge,
humankind is on the verge of gaining
immense new power to heal. [music]
>> In the '80s and '90s, they were having
all these breakthroughs where they were
[music] finding
single genes for diseases, right? Like
Huntington's disease.
We thought that most diseases would be
like that, that there would be one
>> [music]
>> gene for diabetes, that there would be
one gene that made you more at risk for,
you know, lung cancer. But, it's not
[music] like that. There are many, many,
many genes involved in diabetes. And the
fact is that biology is not only still
pretty mysterious to us, right? We don't
know a lot.
>> Hm. What is 23andMe's biggest challenge,
in your [snorts] opinion?
>> I think 23andMe's biggest challenge is
that most people who wanted to get DNA
test kit have already
have already done it. And, you know, how
do you grow if people
fundamentally don't want your product?
>> [music]
>> Welcome to my my crazy home.
>> This is the house you grew up in?
>> It is. I think every square inch of wall
has a picture on it. [music]
>> It's very much a history of our lives.
>> [music]
>> So, that's a little me, but like more
importantly this is little me.
>> Okay.
>> And so, that's Susan, that's Janet, and
that's my grandmother Rose, and that's
me. You know, Susan and Janet
dominated and so, I had that luxury a
little bit of like sitting back and
watching.
And just like seeing what they did and
like what mistakes they made.
And so, [snorts]
like even at my first job, like I
remember thinking like my first year is
not about speaking, it's about
observing.
And I've always kind of been that way is
like I want to understand the situation
before I jump in.
>> A year ago almost exactly, the company
filed for bankruptcy.
>> Mhm.
>> Tell me about that day.
And that decision.
>> I mean, it's it's remarkable to think it
was almost a year ago. I had resigned so
that I could be part of the bidding
process knowing that there was a likely
Chapter 11 filing. You know, I think
some of the things that surprised me
like I was, you know, suddenly
out. Um, I don't none of my email from
20 years or 19 years, my calendar,
like everything, like my life. It was
just so personal and like suddenly I
didn't
have it. You know, it's like a death.
>> Mhm.
>> Like what do you do the day after
someone dies? Like you kind of look at
everything, like you look at the clouds
and you look at the sky and and it's
different.
And everything is a different shade.
>> Around the same time her company was
falling apart, Wojcicki and her family
suffered three real deaths.
Her father passed away at age 86.
Susan, who never smoked, died at 56 of
lung cancer.
And Susan's 19-year-old son, Marco,
passed away from an accidental overdose.
>> Susan was fighting cancer while you were
fighting for your company.
>> Mhm.
>> Did you talk to her about it?
>> Yeah, I mean, like even when when she
was in her last month of life, she was
like, "Well, like send me your 10-Q and
I'll give you feedback." She was a big
supporter and she was always trying to
help. She was like always the big
sister.
>> In 2024, your board resigned all at
once.
The board put out a statement, "After
months of work, we have yet to receive a
fully financed, fully diligent,
actionable proposal that is in the best
interests of shareholders.
It is also clear that we differ on the
strategic direction for the company
going forward. Because of that and your
concentrated voting power, we resign
from the board."
Now, some of these people are people
who've sung your praises for decades.
Investors like Roelof Botha, Patrick
Chung, Neal Mohan, who took over as CEO
when Susan left.
What conversations did you have with
them and how did that feel?
>> I mean, it was a really complicated time
because we'd set up a special committee.
I was still CEO, but it was almost like
the special committee took over to to
take on
major decisions.
So, it was a surprise for me when they
were saying, you know, like, "Oh,
there's we have a disagreement." Where I
was like, like, "What? Like like
what what were we disagreeing about?" I
was working incredibly hard to put
together a bid. It was hard because
Susan died August 9th and the board
resigned a few weeks later.
>> Have you talked to any of them since?
>> I've engaged with a couple.
>> Mhm.
So, who's in your burn book?
>> Oh.
>> [laughter]
>> Who's Who stuck with you?
>> I think they will stay anonymous in my
in my burn book. People have their own
motivations, people have their own
reasons why.
Um
and it was a really complicated
situation and I should emphasize I was
one of the largest shareholders and I
was going to do whatever I could to be
in the best interest of the mission and
shareholders. It was an unbelievable
surprise to me.
>> Bloomberg reached out to the board
members who resigned. All but one
declined to comment or didn't respond.
>> [music]
>> Patrick Chung, one of the earliest
investors in 23andMe, said,
"It became necessary to reorganize
23andMe and cut some programs, but that
the company's mission remains fully
alive under Wojcicki's leadership."
>> [music]
>> I want to talk about the data breach
that exposed the data of millions of
users that wasn't stored securely. When
you look back on that,
what do you think went wrong? How did
you or how did the team let that happen?
>> I've never called it a data breach
because it wasn't actually a breach of
our systems. [music]
Usernames and passwords by other
companies that had been breached were
released into the dark web, and what we
found is there was 13 or 14,000 of those
that
>> [music]
>> um matched in 23andMe. And, you know, we
elected to notify,
you know, obviously the 13 or 14,000
individuals, but also everyone that they
were genetically connected to.
>> [music]
>> And um and that's how the numbers became
so large.
>> [music]
>> Data and security are top priorities,
and we always take that really
seriously. We always have,
>> [music]
>> and you learn from you learn every day.
And the most important thing is to be
vigilant and stay on top of it.
>> The highly publicized sale stoked fears
[music] about privacy.
Attorneys general told consumers to
delete their data,
>> [music]
>> and Congress called Wojcicki to testify.
>> Failing to safeguard Americans' data
from these hostile actors would not only
be a critical violation of privacy, but
also a national security catastrophe.
>> Drugmaker Regeneron initially won the
auction for most of 23andMe's assets,
but Wojcicki persuaded the bankruptcy
court to reopen the case.
>> [music]
>> Part of her argument was that the data
would remain with 23andMe instead of
being sold to Big Pharma. And in the
end, she won.
>> So, ultimately your offer was accepted?
$305 million?
>> It was, after on round two. Yeah.
[laughter] Let's not forget round two,
because that was There was a real work,
girl.
>> [laughter]
>> Did you celebrate?
Or was it not that kind of a day?
>> The day that I won is surreal. Regeneron
put out tons of press around how they
won. They were out here meeting with my
team. You know, they were in it to win
it. And so, reopening the auction was a
battle. And um part of what Regeneron
negotiated for was the last look,
meaning that they had the ability to
give the last bid. And I was devastated.
Like totally flat out devastated,
because I didn't have, you know,
Regeneron has 16 billion on their
balance sheet. Like I can't compete. And
so, I had to have peace with like I'm
going to lose it. And I was like, but at
least I'm going to I'm going to go down
fighting.
>> Mhm.
>> I'm not going to just, you know, hand it
over. And so, that morning I walked in,
was like,
you know, sat down, you know, it's like,
you know, a giant table of lawyers. It's
like a really expensive table. And
>> [laughter]
>> you know, Regeneron said they declined a
bid. And I couldn't stop screaming.
I was like screaming, jumping up and
down. I was crying. I was like raw
emotion. That's like all it was. Like it
was like out of control. It was like out
of body experience.
>> What's the hardest thing about being a
founder after a very public stumble?
>> You know, it's hard because you want to
win, and you want to be successful. And
for me, success was not just about the
monetary side, but it was also the
success of humanity.
And helping millions and millions of
people
benefit from their genome. And you know,
we're at 13 million today, which is the
world's largest, you know, recontactable
data set. But, to do the things that we
want to do, particularly in an AI world,
you want hundreds of millions. To really
realize the dream of understanding the
code of life and having personalized
prevention, you know, I look at the Maha
movement, I look at everyone here like
we're suffering with chronic disease,
like we're suffering with all these
different issues. Susan had lung cancer.
Like, how can I understand our health?
And to understand that, you need data.
And you need data that's collected in
the right way, and you need engaging
with people.
>> [music]
>> Wojcicki took me to the food court she
started, where we talked about her
philosophy around health.
>> All right. Well, welcome to State Street
Market.
>> it. So, you built this place?
>> We built this place.
What do you want to get a mango lassi?
>> Ooh.
>> Yeah. That sounds good. It's got mango
lassies.
>> You know, you've always been in really
into preventative health, and you've
been really critical of the health care
system.
Do you think the system is broken?
>> There's so much money off the
dysfunction that you can never change
from within. I think you have to start
outside. And what makes me so happy now
is it Everything 23andMe did was so hard
in those early days. Like, there wasn't
even online consent. The idea of having
a patient come and gets, you know,
information on their own was like
radical. So, the fact that there's
like there's us, there's Hims, there's
Ro, there's Midi, there's, you know,
HelloFresh. I mean, there's like an
entire industry
that has made health care easier.
>> What's your take on the Maha movement?
Make America healthy again.
>> Ooh. My mom was like very early,
um you know, teaching us about BHT and
preservatives, and you never want to
eat, you know, red food coloring, and
that it can create hyperactivity. So,
one thing I realized also with my mom is
the first time I asked for my medical
record, it came with this note across
the top that said, "As all of us in
pediatrics know, this mom can be quite
uncontrollable at times." My mom had a
tragedy when she was little. Her little
brother ate a bottle of aspirin, and
they couldn't get proper care, and he
died. And so, my mom always had this
mindset as like, "If you don't take care
of yourself, and if you don't advocate
for yourself, nobody will."
And so, like time after time, my mom,
you know, we have the experience of like
going to the doctor, saying like, "Oh,
there's this issue, or there's this
problem." And not feeling heard. And
then we switch. Like even
I have this issue. I went to the
dentist, and she insisted on x-raying my
mouth. I was like, "I don't want to
x-ray." So, she kicked me out of the
chair, and I left, and I had to go find
a new dentist. And the MAHA movement for
me is reflective of the fact that people
are hurting,
and they don't feel heard.
And they want to see change.
>> [music]
>> I am a MAHA mom.
>> Is that a correct statement, by the way?
>> [music]
>> About 41% of Americans say they support
the MAHA movement, which covers a wide
range of claims about food, vaccines,
and cell phone radiation, often with
little evidence to back them up.
>> [music]
>> But skepticism of the medical
establishment is growing, and maybe
that's an opening for 23andMe to find
its momentum again.
>> [music]
>> This time, as a nonprofit.
>> How does the whole nonprofit thing work?
>> 23andMe was always a mission-driven
company. We were always focused on
impact. How many people are signing up
to participate, and how many lives are
we saving?
How many papers are we generating? Is it
being translated into something that's
meaningful for society? We're going to
be measured on questions like that, no
longer on like, "Did you generate a
bottom line for us?" And that's why
we're growing as a nonprofit is to say
we're coming back and where the mission
and the dream is still there. We're
[snorts] going to get to 100 million
people. We're absolutely going to learn
the code of life. We're absolutely going
to define what a personalized prevention
plan means for each and individual
person and we're going to eliminate
preventable deaths and I can achieve
that as a nonprofit the same way I could
achieve that as a for-profit.
>> 23andMe's model as a nonprofit is to
sell kits, take donations, and then use
the data for research both internally
and with external partners.
In the last year, it's contributed to
published research on obesity drugs,
cannabis, and using AI to predict
conditions based on genes.
Billionaire Ron Conway has already
committed to donate to the new
organization.
It's a sign of one of Wojcicki's
superpowers. She knows a lot of powerful
people with deep pockets and people like
her.
But there are downsides to being
entangled with the elite.
>> [music]
>> Wojcicki's name, along with Brin's,
appears in the investigation of
disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein.
His assistant once ordered so many
23andMe test kits that the company
flagged his request and canceled the
order when it was revealed they were for
use outside the [music] United States.
>> Jeffrey Epstein was apparently
[clears throat] obsessed with genetics
and lacing the human race with his DNA.
[music]
Ghislaine Maxwell emailed Epstein about
you directly saying, "Be very nice to
her, not stupid. [music] She is
interested in mapping DNA. She is key."
Smiley face.
Did you ever encounter Jeffrey Epstein?
Did he ever talk to you about DNA?
>> We met him once. Um and I don't remember
talking about DNA.
>> I mean so many powerful people,
including tech leaders, almost all of
them men, got caught in his web. How
does this happen?
>> I I that there was a circle of like
people who like hey, you meet this
person, you meet that person.
I'm going to this event, I'm going to
this conference.
And you you end up interacting. Um
>> Was it on the island?
>> So we knew, you know, we went to the
island once that was reported.
Um and it was short.
Um but you know, he was Jeffrey Epstein
was in the TED network and other areas
like was kind of in the circle, but it
was
it was pretty limited for us.
>> Nobody likes to be asked about Jeffrey
Epstein, but Wojcicki says she's an open
book.
You're not scared to talk about hard
things or things that other people don't
want to talk about. Where does that come
from?
>> I have nothing to hide. I've had it like
very public failures. I've had very
public divorce.
Um I've had really hard times. You know,
I always think about like the people who
helped me along the ways like what is it
that I can do that also helps other
people. And frankly when I talk about
it, it helps me.
>> What's your relationship like with
Sergey now?
>> Sergey's been a great co-parent for me.
You can't go through like the kind of
crazy life you have we've had and
um
like not
have a deep affection.
Um and I feel like like we've raised a
couple really amazing children.
>> You had a third child on your own with a
sperm donor.
What went into that decision for you?
>> Yeah, I um
I mean I can't help talking about it and
smiling a lot because I feel
every day like I'm so lucky.
Um
I really I like I didn't think I could
get pregnant.
>> At 45?
>> at 45. 100% I mean I think that's where
I look at like all these things like
when you go into something with low
expectations,
what happens? But I went in saying like
I'm not I'm never it's never going to
happen. So like why am I even
I was like I'm I'm doing it just to make
sure that I don't feel guilty that I
didn't try cuz if you don't try
you can't you've no chance.
>> What's something people assume about you
but always get wrong?
>> I tend to not worry about what people
are assuming
but I know people definitely come to me
and they're like oh you're very
grounded.
I'm like
well why would I not be grounded?
I was like I live with my sister I have
my children there's plenty of people to
try to
keep me grounded.
>> Another beautiful day.
>> Wojcicki background headquarters.
>> I ended my day with Wojcicki, her sister
Janet, and her mother Esther in the
backyard of their family home to reflect
on the challenges of the last 2 years
and finally settle the question of how
to pronounce their Polish surname.
>> I do want to start with a lesson on
pronunciation because nobody gets it
right.
>> Miss Anne Wojcicki
>> Miss Wojcicki
>> [laughter]
>> Did I say it wrong?
>> Uh Miss Wojcicki is Wojcicki, right?
>> And I thought I had it right but then
when you said it I was like I don't say
it quite like that. So I say Wojcicki.
>> Yeah, that's fine.
>> That's good.
>> But you said woo
>> No, woah. Woah. It's like woah like woah
a horse just ski. Jizz.
>> It's like woah jet ski.
>> No, it's not.
>> Well, I'm just trying to make it easier.
>> in this family. That's it.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay. Okay. And you're obviously used to
people saying it wrong and spelling it
wrong.
>> Oh yeah. The minute they say anything
that sounds reasonable I say yes.
>> I'm curious what you both think seeing
Anne having gone through this era of
survival. We talked about survival like
>> I mean it's remarkable. It's remarkable
like everything that Anne has gone
through.
>> You know, I had a feeling that she was
going to be just strong and resilient.
But I can tell you as a mom I couldn't
watch
because it was hard for me. It is very
reassuring for me to see her on the
other side and she has a great company.
>> You know, when I got divorced and it was
hard, I remember I had this therapist
was like you have to do one
thing a day that makes you happy. Like
that's just for you and I've kind of
lived by that. We couldn't control Susan
getting sick. We couldn't control Marco
dying. Like I couldn't control aspects
of 23andMe and so the thing I can
control is like making myself happy and
optimistic.
>> I interviewed Susan many times and she
was always so kind and so generous with
her advice about how to be a mom and how
to have a big job and that yeah, you you
could do that at the same time and you
could actually be good at both things.
There are so few women in high
profile powerful positions in tech.
Do you see that as another
part of this tragedy?
>> Yes.
>> I a 100%
I think every day like I wish I could
get Susan's perspective on the world.
You know, there's not tons of female
leaders
in the tech space.
>> We always thought she might be the next
CEO of Google.
>> I know. I know. Look, Susan was amazing.
And what was fun for us like we'd be
skiing
and you know, we all like bring our
different like give all the kids and
there's this chaos and Janet has her
world like and Susan would be like I got
to like deal with these crazy things
that are happening on YouTube and and
then she'd be there and she'd be like
oh, can you bring the diaper bag? You
know? [laughter]
I went to the Oscars every year with
Susan
and Susan was so funny cuz she like
didn't really care. She was like I'm
just going to buy a like a dress at
Macy's like on sale. But she kind of had
that perspective is like it's not like
it's not that important for us. Like no
one's like watching us.
>> Anne Wojcicki tried to recruit Susan to
23andMe to no avail, but she's had more
success with Janet.
>> You now work with Anne.
>> Yes.
>> And I think you also live together.
You know, it wasn't an ask. It was like
you're going to be on the board.
>> [laughter]
>> Does she also let you borrow her pants
in exchange? [laughter]
I mean, how does this work, really?
>> I had to quickly check the outfit to see
whether that was mine or truly hers.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, that's one way to stay aligned
with your board.
>> [music]
>> It's too early to say whether a
nonprofit structure will help Wojcicki
achieve her ambitions.
23andMe still needs to persuade a lot
more people to buy its tests, but
Wojcicki, as one early investor put it,
has a willful ignorance of constraints.
In Silicon Valley, that's usually
considered a good thing.
>> What are the chances she pulls this off?
>> As a science reporter, I learned a long
time ago to, you know, never say never,
right? Like we're learning things all
the time, and our conception of human
biology is constantly changing.
>> So, you haven't given up on the dream,
>> it sounds like. Yeah.
>> Enable each person to have their own
personalized prevention [music] path and
accelerate discoveries broadly, like in
every area. And we're going to do
[music] that.
>> The dream is alive, guys.
>> It's alive.
>> Does anyone have a kite?
>> [music]
[music]
>> THERE SHE IS.
>> MY MOTHER IS UNCONTROLLABLE.
>> THE MATRIARCH. WAIT, WAIT, WAIT. ESTHER,
can you tell us about knocking on Steve
Jobs door and asking for computers?
>> Oh, I didn't knock. He came over to my
class. I said, "I need some computers."
He's like, "If you don't tell anybody
where you got them,
>> [laughter]
>> I'll give you some."
>> Well, you're telling people now, okay?